Today is an important day for
neighbors because this job security
that we have been doing permanently
every day we unite effort and
we can redouble the effort thanks to
accompaniment that the neighbor has
paying the fees today of course is a
special day because over
we are dealing with an institution like
firefighters an institution that has
117 years but fundamentally today in
a society that you know about is very
individualist have a fireman body
volunteer that for free
defends the pressure towards the goods
really one has to feel
proud and everything that is done
it means an expense but an investment
because from the mobiles that serve to
accompany the neighbor to the teams
that we are buying the good ones that
They serve to protect your life so
important the finishing touch a bit of
this year is that it has been approved in the
deliberative council the loan for
the firemen have your picture you
central in san fernando this is and with
communication with the rest of san
fernando are really going to be very
comfortable are going to be able to lend a good
service and really if we feel
proud that this institution
that is to say this for another 500 years not
many institutions you can give the
luxury of putting on the same day four
vehicles in service sincerely is
more than a joy and an honor to tell
with all these units set to
community service a celebration of the
different number day not because we're
putting the service four new
units
Personal protective equipment for the
personal and good the truth that we are
very happy a beautiful act and also
is my dad was obviously my dad for
this party and I think he deserved it
because the 18 years were voluntary
until the rest of this life I come from
land of fire just for this
this weekend and I come back because
for us it is very important so
what my body meant to my grandfather
but from San Fernando that was his life with
so many years that I live here in san
fernando we have not had this kind of
equipment and that is excellent that we can
have this we did not have for the
buildings and that is very good what is
what they are putting together now that we
we do not do more or less and a little
that the whole community wants in the place
that touches us in the step that touches us
we must provide the bit
and good a little the firemen in the
institution flag of all
institutions of san fernando